KPIs(key performance Indicator)
--------------------------------

1. Total Loan Applications: We need to calculate the total number of loan applications received during a specified period. Additionally, it is essential to monitor the Month-to-Date (MTD) Loan Applications and track changes Month-over-Month (MoM).(ie. calculate for both MTD and MOM)
(MoM=(MTD-PMTD)/PMTD) (PMTD- previous month to date)

2. Total Funded Amount: Amount that bank agrees to that particular customer ie. total loan amount. We also want to keep an eye on the MTD Total Funded Amount and analyse the Month-over-Month (MoM) changes in this metric.(that is  calculate for both MTD and MOM)

3. Total Amount Received(Total loan amount paid back to bank): Tracking the total amount received from borrowers is essential for assessing the bank's cash flow and loan repayment. We should analyse the Month-to-Date (MTD) Total Amount Received and observe the Month-over-Month (MoM) changes. (ie. calculate for both MTD and MOM)

4. Average Interest Rate: Calculating the average interest rate across all loans, MTD, and monitoring the Month-over-Month (MoM) variations in interest rates will provide insights into our lending portfolio's overall cost. (ie. calculate for both MTD and MOM)

5. Average Debt-to-Income Ratio (DTI): We need to compute the average DTI for all loans, MTD, and track Month-over-Month (MoM) fluctuations. (ie. calculate for both MTD and MOM)

6. Good loan and Bad Loan (percentage of total loan applications, total loan applications, Total Funded Amount, Total Amount Received)

7. Loan status ( total loan applications, Total Funded Amount, Total Amount Received,  Average Interest Rate, Average Debt-to-Income Ratio (DTI))

8. CHARTS:

    a. Monthly Trends by Issue Date (Line Chart) (total loan applications, Total Funded Amount, Total Amount Received)
    b. Regional Analysis by State (Filled Map) (total loan applications, Total Funded Amount, Total Amount Received)
    c. Loan Term Analysis (Donut Chart) (total loan applications, Total Funded Amount, Total Amount Received)
    d. Employee Length Analysis (Bar Chart) (total loan applications, Total Funded Amount, Total Amount Received)
    e. Loan Purpose Breakdown (Bar Chart) (total loan applications, Total Funded Amount, Total Amount Received)
  